Saddhamma Translation
---------------------

1. The Saddhamma Translation submodule (translate-saddhamma.git) hosts
translations of selected suttas used for a weekly Saddhamma
Study Group mailto:saddhammastudygroup@gmail.com readings and
discussions.

2. These translations are designed to preserve the right *meaning and
phrasing (sātthaṃ sabyañjanaṃ)* as much as possible, in hopes that they
will help reveal the life of purity that is utterly perfect and pure to
the study group participants who practice accordingly, as expected of
the Dhamma that is beautiful in the beginning, beautiful in the middle
and beautiful in the end, with the *right meaning and phrasing*.
However, the reader should keep in mind that even with these best
efforts at preserving translation fidelity, some loss of phrasing and
consequently, loss in meaning is unavoidable due to English language
limitations. The reader is therefore advised to become familiar enough
with the original Pali texts to enable cross-checking translations with
the Pali to avoid being misled.

3. The website framework (designed by the The Buddha’s Words
mailto:buddhaswords2@gmail.com team) used for hosting these translations
makes such cross-checking easily accessible with side-by-side Pali and
English renderings. It also features built-in Pali dictionary and
Pali/English search capabilities for referencing other suttas with
similar phrasing.
